---
tags: daily-note
status: in-progress / processed
---

## 📓 Daily Note: 2025-11-15


### Master Tasks
*What are the main things you want to accomplish today? (Often related to your active project)*
- [x] synced with phone
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## 📥 Inbox (Your "Messy" Capture Space)
*As you watch tutorials, read articles, or have ideas, capture them here. Don't worry about structure. This is your "fleeting notes" area for the day.*

- Monorepos
	- [Monorepo != Monolith](https://blog.nrwl.io/misconceptions-about-monorepos-monorepo-monolith-df1250d4b03c)
		- Monorepo-sytle development is a software development approach where
			- you develop multiple projects in the same repository
			- The projects can depend on each other, so they can share code.
			- When you make a change, you do not rebuild or retest every project in the monorepo.  Instead, you only rebuild and retest the projects that can be affected by your change.
				- Crucial because it makes CI faster, and it gives teams working in the monorepo independence
		- Apps in the monorepo are not all released together.  They can be released independently.
		- Code ownership can be configured on the folder level.  If another team makes changes to a folder that is not theirs, you can require a folder level PR / MR approval.
			- You actually get more control over code ownership because you can create a private shared library and not allow other teams to depend on it.
			- With multi-repo setup, nothing prevents Team A from adding a shared lib to their `package.json`. It's hard for Team B to know about it because it is done in a repo they do not control.
		- Can prevent a "big ball of mud" (code importing from any other file) with monorepos because you can create libraries that have well-defined public API's.  Can also check the dependency graph.
		- you can add metadata to the libraries in your repo and define constraints based on it. For instance, you can statically guarantee that presentation components cannot depend on state management code.
		- **Challenges** 
			- Trunk based development (git)
			- Some services may not work with it
			- Rethink how to do CI
			- Large-scale changes

---

### Meeting Notes
*Create a quick heading for any meetings you have.*

#### Meeting: [Project / Topic Name]
* **Attendees: **
* **Notes:**
* **Action Items:**
	- [ ] @[Person] - ...

---

## Open Questions
*Quickly capture questions as they arise.  These can be processed into full "Q - " notes later.*

* q: ...
* q: ...

---

### End of Day Review
*A quick checklist to process your day*

- [ ] **Process Messy Notes:** Move all items from "Messy Notes Inbox" into their proper folders
- [ ] **Process Questions:** Convert any "q:" items into full `Q - ...` notes
- [ ] **Review Tasks:** Migrate any unfinished tasks to tomorrow's daily noes or back to your project hub.
- [ ] 